# bnpa

<details>

* Version: 
* GitHub: https://github.com/jacobkap/fastDummies
* Source code: NA
* Number of recursive dependencies: 0

</details>

## Error before installation

### Devel

```

  There are binary versions available but the source versions are later:
          binary source needs_compilation
backports  1.1.9 1.1.10              TRUE
bnlearn      4.5    4.6              TRUE
rpf        1.0.4  1.0.5              TRUE

  Binaries will be installed
package 'abind' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'arm' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'assertthat' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'backports' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'base64enc' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'BDgraph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'BH' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'BiocGenerics' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'bnlearn' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'boot' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'callr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'carData' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'checkmate' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'cli' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'cluster' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'coda' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'colorspace' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'corpcor' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'cpp11' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'crayon' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'd3Network' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'data.table' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'desc' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'digest' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'dplyr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ellipsis' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'evaluate' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'fansi' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'farver' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'fdrtool' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'foreign' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Formula' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'generics' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ggforce' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ggplot2' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ggraph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ggrepel' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'glasso' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'glue' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'graph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'graphlayouts' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'gridExtra' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'gtable' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'gtools' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'highr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Hmisc' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'htmlTable' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'htmltools' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'htmlwidgets' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'huge' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'igraph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'isoband' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'jpeg' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'jsonlite' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'knitr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'kutils' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'labeling' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'lattice' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'latticeExtra' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'lavaan' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'lifecycle' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'lisrelToR' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'lme4' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'magrittr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'markdown' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'MASS' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Matrix' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'matrixcalc' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'mgcv' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'mi' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'mime' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'minqa' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'mnormt' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'munsell' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'mvtnorm' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'nlme' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'nloptr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'nnet' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'numDeriv' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'OpenMx' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'openxlsx' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pbapply' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pbivnorm' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pillar' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pkgbuild' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pkgconfig' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pkgload' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'plyr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'png' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'polyclip' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'praise' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'prettyunits' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'processx' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ps' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'psych' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'purrr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'qgraph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'R6' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'RColorBrewer' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Rcpp' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'RcppArmadillo' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'RcppEigen' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'RcppParallel' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'regsem' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'reshape2' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Rgraphviz' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rJava' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rjson' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rlang' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rockchalk' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rpart' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rpf' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rprojroot' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Rsolnp' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rstudioapi' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'RUnit' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'scales' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'sem' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'semPlot' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'StanHeaders' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'statmod' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'stringi' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'stringr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'survival' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'testthat' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tibble' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tidygraph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tidyr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tidyselect' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tmvnsim' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'truncnorm' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tweenr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'utf8' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'vctrs' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'viridis' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'viridisLite' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'whisker' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'withr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'xfun' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'xlsx' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'xlsxjars' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'XML' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'xtable' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'yaml' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'zip' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked





```
### CRAN

```

  There are binary versions available but the source versions are later:
          binary source needs_compilation
backports  1.1.9 1.1.10              TRUE
bnlearn      4.5    4.6              TRUE
rpf        1.0.4  1.0.5              TRUE

  Binaries will be installed
package 'abind' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'arm' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'assertthat' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'backports' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'base64enc' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'BDgraph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'BH' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'BiocGenerics' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'bnlearn' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'boot' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'callr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'carData' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'checkmate' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'cli' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'cluster' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'coda' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'colorspace' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'corpcor' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'cpp11' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'crayon' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'd3Network' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'data.table' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'desc' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'digest' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'dplyr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ellipsis' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'evaluate' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'fansi' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'farver' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'fdrtool' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'foreign' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Formula' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'generics' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ggforce' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ggplot2' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ggraph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ggrepel' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'glasso' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'glue' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'graph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'graphlayouts' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'gridExtra' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'gtable' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'gtools' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'highr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Hmisc' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'htmlTable' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'htmltools' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'htmlwidgets' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'huge' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'igraph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'isoband' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'jpeg' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'jsonlite' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'knitr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'kutils' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'labeling' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'lattice' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'latticeExtra' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'lavaan' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'lifecycle' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'lisrelToR' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'lme4' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'magrittr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'markdown' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'MASS' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Matrix' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'matrixcalc' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'mgcv' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'mi' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'mime' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'minqa' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'mnormt' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'munsell' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'mvtnorm' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'nlme' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'nloptr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'nnet' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'numDeriv' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'OpenMx' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'openxlsx' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pbapply' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pbivnorm' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pillar' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pkgbuild' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pkgconfig' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'pkgload' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'plyr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'png' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'polyclip' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'praise' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'prettyunits' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'processx' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'ps' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'psych' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'purrr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'qgraph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'R6' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'RColorBrewer' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Rcpp' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'RcppArmadillo' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'RcppEigen' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'RcppParallel' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'regsem' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'reshape2' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Rgraphviz' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rJava' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rjson' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rlang' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rockchalk' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rpart' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rpf' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rprojroot' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'Rsolnp' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'rstudioapi' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'RUnit' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'scales' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'sem' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'semPlot' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'StanHeaders' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'statmod' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'stringi' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'stringr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'survival' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'testthat' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tibble' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tidygraph' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tidyr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tidyselect' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tmvnsim' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'truncnorm' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'tweenr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'utf8' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'vctrs' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'viridis' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'viridisLite' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'whisker' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'withr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'xfun' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'xlsx' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'xlsxjars' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'XML' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'xtable' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'yaml' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
package 'zip' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked





```
